# Udacity ML Nanodegree Project 3 
# Dog breed Classification with AWS Sagemaker

## Dataset
The dataset used in this project is available at [dogImages](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-aind/dog-project/dogImages.zip)

## Project environment setup
The project is done in Sagemaker Jupyter notebook. The dependencies such as `smdebug` and `torch` are installed. 

## hyperparameter Tuning
The pre-trained model Resnet-50 with a depth of 50 layers is used as the classification model. We use the pre-trained model to speed up the 

## Scripts
The following files are included for the project:
- `hpo.py` for tuning the model with a range of hyperparameters and finding the best training job.
- `train_model.py` for using the hyperparameters of the best training job that generated by `hpo.py`.
- `reference.py` to deploy the endpoint with preprocessing, prediction and post processing.


## The steps for the image classification in this project:

1. First we download the dataset. 
2. unzip the folder
3. check the content
4. upload the folder to S3
5. create a hyperparameter tuning range for ResNet50 retrained model.
6. run tuner.fit() with entry point of hpo.py (configuration of the Resnet, training and testing the model with the givern hyperparameters)
7. get the hyperparameter of the best training job in tuner.
8. add profiling and debugging to the train model for logging info in cloudwatch
9. use the hyperparameters of the best training job and run estimator with model_train (train a new model with the given hpo)
10. plot the output 
11. use the estimator for deploying an endpoint that predicts the dog breed from the train model.
12. select a test image and call the endpoint with the test image.
13. check if the model predict the dog breed accurately. 
